The Joe Rogan.
Experience. So, um, like I said, you know, we,
we carried on with the conversation, had a good time, you know, nobody got hurt,
everybody laughed. And, um, I thanked them,
shook their hands and they told me to keep in touch. I'm thinking,
keep in touch.
Guys are homies now. Yeah.
Yeah. But I did, you know, I I've call him and say, Hey man,
I'm playing in your county. Come on and see me. How long.
Did you guys talk that.
Day? Oh, maybe I don't know, two and a half hours. Something.
Like that did at the end, after the ice, did everything sort of loosen up?
Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. So the laughter and then did the conversation loosen then.
The conversation loosen then? Um, I mean, you know, it, you know,
it wasn't like an know we, you know, we all Hugg each other, but, uh, did you,
did you offer.
Any counter to the things he was saying? Like Charles Murray stuff?
Absolutely. Absolutely. Um, how did he respond to that? Uh, he said, well,
you know, I, you know, I don't know about that. You know, I know, you know,
that, you know, these guys are, are, are, are doctors and da, da, da, da,
and mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, so, you know, he to authority of course.
But of course, if you find authority in the, in the other direction, well,
something's wrong with them. <laugh> yeah. You know, so you, you,
you take a narrative, you know, that that fits, that fits your narrative.
So like for confirmation bias. Yeah. So for example, um,
uh, he, he did bring up that the Bible preaches racial separation,
and I gave him the Bible. I said, show me where.
So I forgotten now the exact chapter in verse,
but I think it's in Leviticus and I'm gonna paraphrase. Um,
he pointed to this verse and I read it and it said something to the effect of,
um, a lamb should not lay with a Wolf. I said, well,
if it wants to.
Live, yeah.
<Laugh>.
What the have.
To do with people. So I said, that's stupid. What does that mean, Mr. Kelly?
He says, well, it means that two different species should not lay together.
I said, hold on. I said, blacks and whites are not two different species.
We are the name species two different colors. Oh no, no, no, no.
You know, we we're different species. So, you know, he, he takes what he wants.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and twists it to fit the narrative. Okay. So he, um,
like I say, I thanked him, uh, I began calling him. He called to my gigs.
He bring the night honk. Um, I I'd I'd invite him down to my house.
He came down to my house with the Nighthawk. Wow.
Nighthawk would sit on my couch next to him. Sometimes Nighthawk get bored.
Right. And pull out his gun and twirl it on his finger. Oh, Jesus Christ.
I'm serious. And um, but what the? I,
I felt, I felt very comfortable with, with them, you know, after time. And,
um, so then at that point I would begin inviting over some of my black friends,
some of my Jewish friends, some of my other white friends. Did you.
Like let them know in advance sometimes.
<Laugh>.
Sometimes.
Not sometimes not. Yeah. Wow. Yeah.
What did they say when they come over and they see a grand wizard and a
Nighthawk? Um, well or a dragon, is he a dragon or.
A wizard? You know, he, he was still a dragon at that point. Okay. Okay. And,
uh, sometimes they'd freak out and, and my band, oh my God, my band, um,
you know, we, I have a band, so they, they're all short in my house,
get in the van. We all ride at the gig together, especially if it's far away.
Uh,
and sometimes I I'd wanna stop at some clan rally on my way to a gig <laugh> and
so <laugh>, so my God say, dare, I'll what, I'll just meet you there. You know,
I'm not gonna ride with you. Jesus.
Christ.
Oh. So, um.
So you, this became a full time project for you.
Yeah, it did. It did.
Like how much, how quickly did it escalate? So it went from this, you,
you obviously had some,
you were compelled almost obsessed to meet this guy and get to the bottom of
this thing that had been bothering you since you were 10.
Years old. And, and because my relationship with him was really growing.
It was turning into a friendship. I mean, you know, I'm not gonna lie. Um,
I genuinely like this guy and I could see him beginning to like me a lot.
Um, I did not like his ideology, but I saw the human,
the humanity in him. Yeah. And he was seeing the same thing in me. We,
we both want the same things. All right. Um, and I,
and I began interviewing a lot of other Klan people from different, you know,
areas up north, down, south Midwest, et cetera. Um,
some would talk to me, some would not talk to me. Some wanted to fight me,
you know, I, I ran, I ran the whole gamut and, um, I put it all in my book.
Um, now, you know, I, I would see him for, you know,
over like two years he'd come outta my house or we'd go out and have lunch or
dinner together. Wow. Yeah. And, um, but during those two years,
and by the end of the two years, he was coming to my house by himself.
He trusted me that much. No Nighthawk, you drive on down. Right. And, um,
by the end of two years had not invited me to his house. You know, um,
after two years he got promoted from,
from a grand dragon state leader to Imperial wizard, national leader.
<laugh> at that point, he began inviting me to his house. Wow.
But now he was the man in charge. Right. So I go to his house,
I would see his clan then where'd have, is clan meetings.
They have a den at the house. Well, yeah. They call it a den. You know,
it's a room, you know, it's all set with a clan altar and, uh, chairs.
What's a clan altar look like, uh, it's a table that has a clan flag across.
It has that big red circle with the white cross and blood drop.
Then they have a candles, things like that. And, and a,
and a cross and the cross, some, either candles on it. So it's like a flame or,
or light bulbs. <laugh> so, um, anyway, um, and,
and a sword then across the table, um, I took, I take pictures,
take some notes, and then he began, uh, invited me to clan rallies.
So <laugh> yeah. Yeah.
And so I'd go to these clan rallies and they'd have this big wooden cross.
The wooden cross is wrapped in Burla.
The bur app has been soaked and what they call clan cologne,
which is actually diesel fuel, all right. Cares scene.
And the Klansmen and Klans women are all in their robes and hoods and they have,
they have these torches and the torches are lit and they walk in a,
in a big wide circle around this cross, which is in the center. And, um,
then either the Imperial, uh, uh, wizard or the grand dragon will, will,
will shout, you know, Klansmen halt, and they'll all stop in place.
Klansmen faced the cross, and they'll all turn in and face the inner circle.
And then you'll say for my God,
and they'll repeat for my God and bow for my race, for my race, for my country,
for my country, for my clan, for my clan, white power,
white power Klansmen approached the cross and they all close in.
And now they're all right there at the base of the cross Klansmen,
like the cross. And they drop their torches at the foot of the cross. And woo,
this thing is a flame and they stand there and admire this burning cross.
And then they give some speeches from the podium and then they have hot dogs and
hamburgers, and the rally is over, you know, <laugh>, and I'm,
I'm sitting there watching this, I'm taking pictures, taking notes. And, uh,
how, where did it feel to be there watching all this? Uh,
it definitely felt different, but, you know, I knew what to expect pretty much.
Cause I read all these books. Yeah. So, you know, I mean,
I know that's what they do at Glen valley. They burned crosses.
Now let me explain something to you that I learned. Um, there are two times,
two occasions upon which they set the cross, the flame as they put it,
they have a cross burning and a cross lighting.
The difference being across burning is when they take a five or 10 foot cross
wrapping that barrel lap soak and kerosene and put it in your lawn because
you're an interracial couple, you're gay, you're Jewish in a white neighborhood,
whatever the deal is, that is meant as, as intimidation, it's a warning.
We know who you are, ceases and exist. Move out if you don't, next time we come,
we mean business and that bomb your house or something. Okay. When they do that,
that's called a cross burning, right? A cross lighting is when they do a,
a,
a 30 or 20 or 30 foot cross at a ceremony and they parade around it and give
a lecture that's called a cross lighting. And that's what you went to.
I went to the cross lighting, how often they do those things,
as often as they want and several times a year, what do they talk about?
Like when they have meetings, um, the future of the white race, uh, you know,
and what they want, you know, and, and what the constitution guarantees them.
This is a white man's land. This land was built by white people.
The constitution was signed by white, by white men. This is their country,
you know, immigration, whatever the issues are that, uh,
the Browning of America is, is a big topic, um, or, or white genocide,
same thing. Uh, and when they say white genocide,
they mean their race is getting smaller through MIS.
So you know that these are the top, you know, that they cover. Um, it's, it's,
it's pretty, it ING.